# chatbot_kossie_lib
ChatBot is a Python module that provides a simple API for generating chatbot responses using OpenAI's GPT-3 language model. With ChatBot, you can easily create a chatbot that can converse with users and generate summaries of conversations.

## Usage
Here's an example of how to use ChatBot to create a simple chatbot that converses with users:
```
import time
from chatbot_lib import ChatBot

bot = ChatBot()

while True:
    user_input = input("You: ")
    response = bot.chatbot_conversation(user_input)
    print("Bot:", response)
    time.sleep(30)
 ```
This code creates a ChatBot instance and uses it to generate responses to user input. The chatbot_conversation method takes a user input string and returns a response string generated by the chatbot.

You can also use ChatBot to generate a summary of a conversation:
```
from chatbot_lib import ChatBot

bot = ChatBot()

# Have a conversation...
# ...

summary = bot.chatbot_summary()
print("Summary:", summary)
```
This code creates a ChatBot instance and uses it to generate a summary of a conversation. The chatbot_summary method returns a string containing a summary of the conversation.
## API Key
Before using ChatBot, you'll need to set your OpenAI API key in the .env file located in the root directory of your project. Your .env file should look like this:

```
OPENAI_API_KEY="your_api_key_here"
```

Replace your_api_key_here with your actual OpenAI API key.

## Configuration
You can configure ChatBot by passing a JSON configuration file to the ChatBot constructor:

```
from chatbot import ChatBot

bot = ChatBot(config_file="config.json")
```
The configuration file should be a JSON file with the following structure:
```
{
     "initial_message": {
    "role": "system",
    "content": "You are ChatBot, an empathetic assistant of professional mental counselor"
    },
    "summary_prompt": {
        "content": "Can you summarize our conversation?"
    },
    "rate_limit": 20,
    "model_engine": "gpt-3.5-turbo"
}
```

The ```initial_message``` key specifies the role and task of chatbot. The ```summary_prompt``` key specifies the prompt that the chatbot should use when generating a conversation summary. The ```rate_limit``` key specifies the minimum number of seconds between chatbot API requests. The ```model_engine``` key specifies the GPT-3 model engine that the chatbot should use.
